.gitignore
.markdownlint.json
LICENSE
Makefile
README.md
pyproject.toml
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/release.yml
.github/workflows/ci.yml
ir_datasets_longeval/__init__.py
ir_datasets_longeval/__main__.py
ir_datasets_longeval/bibliography.bib
ir_datasets_longeval/downloads.json
ir_datasets_longeval/formats.py
ir_datasets_longeval/longeval_sci.py
ir_datasets_longeval/longeval_sci.yaml
ir_datasets_longeval/longeval_web.py
ir_datasets_longeval/longeval_web.yaml
ir_datasets_longeval/metadata.json
ir_datasets_longeval/util.py
ir_datasets_longeval.egg-info/PKG-INFO
ir_datasets_longeval.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
ir_datasets_longeval.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
ir_datasets_longeval.egg-info/entry_points.txt
ir_datasets_longeval.egg-info/requires.txt
ir_datasets_longeval.egg-info/top_level.txt
tests/.DS_Store
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_environment_variable_is_used_in_tira_sandbox.py
tests/test_local_dataset.py
tests/test_official_datasets.py
tests/test_spot_check_datasets.py
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/metadata.json
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/qrels.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/queries.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/documents_000001.jsonl
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/documents_000020.jsonl
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/docstore.pklz4/bin
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/docstore.pklz4/bin.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/docstore.pklz4/bin.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.key
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-no-prior-datasets/documents/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-two-prior-datasets/documents
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-two-prior-datasets/metadata.json
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-two-prior-datasets/queries.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/collector_kodicare_2.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/collector_kodicare_3.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/collector_kodicare_6.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/metadata.json
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.key
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/qrels/2022-06_fr/qrels_processed.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-no-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/queries/2022-06_queries.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/collector_kodicare_2.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/collector_kodicare_3.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/collector_kodicare_6.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/metadata.json
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.key
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/2022-06_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/collector_kodicare_2.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/collector_kodicare_3.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/collector_kodicare_6.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/metadata.json
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.key
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-01_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/collector_kodicare_2.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/collector_kodicare_3.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/collector_kodicare_6.trec
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/metadata.json
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/docstore.pklz4/bin.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.key
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.meta
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/Trec/prior-dataset-02_fr/docstore.pklz4/idx.doc_id.pos
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/qrels/2022-06_fr/qrels_processed.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/qrels/prior-dataset-01_fr/qrels_processed.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/qrels/prior-dataset-02_fr/qrels_processed.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/queries/2022-06_queries.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/queries/prior-dataset-01_queries.txt
tests/resources/example-local-dataset-web-two-prior-datasets/French/LongEval Train Collection/queries/prior-dataset-02_queries.txt