# packages in environment at /Users/sium/miniconda/envs/mirmachine_dev_new:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
amply                     0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
argparse-dataclass        2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     25.3.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.31.1               he85ad4a_3    bioconda
biopython                 1.85            py312hea69d52_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312hde4cb15_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               h5505292_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.4.26            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.1.31          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py312h0fad829_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.8              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cbc               2.10.12              h8ec3750_2    conda-forge
coin-or-cgl               0.60.9               h7ef17a8_4    conda-forge
coin-or-clp               1.17.10              h73553b4_1    conda-forge
coin-or-osi               0.108.11             h1c7c69d_4    conda-forge
coin-or-utils             2.11.12              h38baedf_2    conda-forge
coincbc                   2.10.12           2_metapackage    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_4    conda-forge
conda-inject              1.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.7                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
coreutils                 9.5                  h93a5062_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2           py312h024a12e_8    conda-forge
docopt                    0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
docutils                  0.21.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
dpath                     2.2.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
eido                      0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
gawk                      5.3.1                h8a92848_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.44             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
htslib                    1.21                 hfcd771d_1    bioconda
humanfriendly             10.0               pyh707e725_8    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
immutables                0.21            py312h024a12e_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
infernal                  1.1.5           pl5321hd34ca47_4    bioconda
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2025.4.1           pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.23.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           31_h10e41b3_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           31_hb3479ef_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.13.0               h73640d1_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    20.1.4               ha82da77_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321hafb1f1b_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h286801f_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h1da3d7d_1    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.23.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0             heb5dd2a_105    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0             h2c44a93_105    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 hfe07756_1    conda-forge
libintl                   0.23.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           31_hc9a63f6_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           31_hbb7bcf8_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                h39f12f2_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h6d7220d_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          openmp_hf332438_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.49.1               h3f77e49_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               h1590b86_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               20.1.3               hdb05f8b_0    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.8              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py312h998013c_1    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mirmachine                0.3.0b8                  pypi_0    pypi
moreutils                 0.69                 hc71e825_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                hb693164_3    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h5e97a16_3    conda-forge
numpy                     2.2.5           py312h7c1f314_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.0                h81ee809_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py312hcb1e3ce_3    conda-forge
pephubclient              0.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
peppy                     0.40.7             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_h4614cfb_perl5    conda-forge
pip                       25.1               pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
plac                      1.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.7              pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
psutil                    7.0.0           py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
pulp                      2.8.0           py312h81bd7bf_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.11.3             pyh3cfb1c2_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.33.1          py312hd60eec9_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pytest                    8.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.10         hc22306f_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-newick             1.10.0             pyh7e72e81_0    bioconda
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    7_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py312h998013c_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h1d1bf99_2    conda-forge
referencing               0.36.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
reretry                   0.11.8             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rich                      14.0.0             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.24.0          py312hd60eec9_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.21                 h267f7b9_1    bioconda
setuptools                79.0.1             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
shellingham               1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
slack-sdk                 3.35.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
slack_sdk                 3.35.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smart_open                7.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 9.3.3                hdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-common 1.17.4             pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-executor-plugins 9.3.5              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-logger-plugins 1.2.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-report-plugins 1.1.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-storage-plugins 4.2.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         9.3.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
stopit                    1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
throttler                 1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
toposort                  1.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typer                     0.15.3             pyhf21524f_0    conda-forge
typer-slim                0.15.3             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
typer-slim-standard       0.15.3               h1a15894_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.13.2               h0e9735f_0    conda-forge
typing-inspection         0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.13.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.17.2          py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
yte                       1.7.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py312hea69d52_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                h6491c7d_2    conda-forge
